whole rabbit, top side looking top
side, just taking a look before i
start my butchery removing any excess fat
but keep in mind it is extremely lean animal
and that is any sort of fat
that was connected to the offal
and making my
areas as neat as possible before I start
so I can see where my knife is
going in the butchery process
flipping it back first thing I'm going
to do is remove the two  fore legs
one and two, these  fore legs are not in
a socket they are floating so what I'm going
to do is take my knife and trace around
it's sort of like the shoulder and take
it off in one one go maybe two but there's no
looking for the joints there is no joint here
same with the other side so starting with one
just tracing it first and I'm holding the  fore leg
in my hand and removing it as such so
again I'm taking my knife it is a floating
joint I guess and holding it and just following it
and removing it like so so there is a bone here
shoulder blade in there and
here are the two  fore legs